Backup Improvements (#167)
arangodb/docs: 3.5/backup-restore.md

taking frequent backups, which are recommended also when using such deployment modes.
{% endhint %}

> Physical (raw or "cold") backups

Reviewer: Headlines shouldn't contain things in parentheses
```suggestion
Physical backups
```

--------------------------------

Physical (raw or "cold") backups can be done when the ArangoDB Server is not running

> and consist of a raw copy of the ArangoDB data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by making a raw copy of the ArangoDB data directory.
```

Such backups are extremely fast as they involve only a file copy.

If ArangoDB is running in Active Failover or Cluster mode, it will be necessary
to copy the data directories of all the involved processes (_Agents_, _Coordinators_ and
_DBServers_).

{% hint 'warning' %}
It is extremely important that physical backups are taken only after all the ArangoDB
processes have been shut down and the processes are not running anymore.

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise files might still be written to, likely resulting in a corrupt and incomplete backup.
{% endhint %}
```

It is not always possible to take a physical backup as this method requires a shutdown

> of the ArangoDB processes. Howerver in some occasions such backups are useful, often

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the ArangoDB processes. However in some occasions such backups are useful, often
```
